API Changes (#4)
oschulz/DensityInterface.jl: docs/src/index.md

# DensityInterface.jl

```@docs
DensityInterface
```

> This package defines an interface for mathematical/statistical densities and objects associated with a density in Julia. The interface comprises the functions [`hasdensity`](@ref),  [`logdensityof`](@ref)/[`densityof`](@ref) and [`logfuncdensity`](@ref).

Author: I'm not sure we should include the history of the discussion in the docs, but I agree, a footnote about `densityof` having less naming conflicts would be good.

> This package defines an interface for mathematical/statistical densities and objects associated with a density in Julia. The interface comprises the functions [`hasdensity`](@ref),  [`logdensityof`](@ref)/[`densityof`](@ref) and [`logfuncdensity`](@ref).

Author: Done.

The following methods must be provided to make a type (e.g. `SomeDensity`) compatible with the interface:

> ```julia

Reviewer: Maybe also make this executable and add a hidden definition of a simple `SomeDensity` and `log_of_d_at_x`?

Author: Will do.

Author: Done.

import DensityInterface

DensityInterface.hasdensity(::SomeDensity) = true
DensityInterface.logdensityof(d::SomeDensity, x) = log_of_d_at_x
```

> The object `d` may be a density itself or something that can be said to have a density. If `d` is a distribution, the density is the PDF. If `d` is a measure in general, it's density is implied here to be the Radon–Nikodym derivative of `d` and it's base measure. In statistical inference applications, for example, `d` might be a likelihood, prior or posterior.

Reviewer: I think one could make it clearer that a probability distribution is a probability measure. Currently, it seems that they are different things but the only difference really is the mathematical interpretation/reasoning of the density in the measure theoretical sense. Maybe one could just write:

```suggestion
The object `d` may be a density itself or something that can be said to have a density. If `d` is a distribution, the density is its probability density function. In the measure theoretical sense, the density function is the Radon–Nikodym derivative of `d` with respect to a base measure. In statistical inference applications, for example, `d` - might be a likelihood, prior or posterior.
```

An additional suggestion would be to move the measuretheoretical part to a footnote. This would be less confusing for readers not familiar with measure theory.

> The object `d` may be a density itself or something that can be said to have a density. If `d` is a distribution, the density is its probability density function. In the measure theoretical sense, the density function is the Radon–Nikodym derivative of `d` with respect to an implicit base measure. In statistical inference applications, for example, `d` - might be a likelihood, prior or posterior[^1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The object `d` may be a density itself or something that can be said to have a density. If `d` is a distribution, the density is its probability density function. In the measure theoretical sense, the density function is the Radon–Nikodym derivative of `d` with respect to an implicit base measure. In statistical inference applications, for example, `d` might be a likelihood, prior or posterior[^1].
```

> Note: The package [`MeasureTheory`](https://github.com/cscherrer/MeasureTheory.jl) provides tools to work with densities and measures that go beyond the density in respect to an implied base measure.

Reviewer: Maybe this could be added to a potential footnote as well to disturb the reading flow a bit less and to allow readers ro skip the measure theory parts more easily. Alternatively, everything could be moved to a separate section such as "Measure theoretical view".

Author: Done.

> DensityInterface includes a default implementation of a density defined by a log-density function. It provides a convenient way of passing a log-density function to algorithms like optimizers, samplers, etc.:

Reviewer: Do these two sentences belong together? Or do you want to refer to `densityof` in the first sentence?

Author: Good catch that wasn't clear. Changing it to "... This provides a"
